Document default setting for validateWrites (S3 Storage) (#13909)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_files/primary_storage.rst

* :code:`legacy_auth` has no default
* :code:`version` defaults to :code:`latest`
* :code:`verify_bucket_exists` defaults to :code:`true` [Note: Setting this to :code:`false` *after* confirming the bucket has been created may provide a performance benefit, but may not be possible in multibucket scenarios.]

> * :code:`validateWrites` defaults to :code:`true` [Note: Setting this to :code:false is recommended for object stores with "eventual consistency". It prevents false errors where a file is successfully uploaded but not yet visible to an immediate check.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :code:`validateWrites` defaults to :code:`true` [Note: Setting this to :code:`false` might be necessary for object stores with "eventual consistency". It prevents false errors where a file is successfully uploaded but not yet visible to an immediate check.]
```
